now the work of the international inter-dance center of rania that
work if they feel at how it works then center would aim at
to disclose
dance therapy to make
It's a ghost that people can meet right?
with the social projects that happen
Tekken Brazil in the colony Santa Marta which is a colony
where are people what?
without serious sequels followed children's cinema made
she is in goiânia she takes hours at the residence the mother lived in the city of
old goiás that is given to the
on June 6
thanks to working with jingan bearer unsuccessfully so
is a colony do not delay people who sacked who are there ahma 40 years
that will be isolated
they do not have disease even more so in the sequels they are people who
40 years ago or still today
sick sickness be delayed without exiting colonies depart not not because
leprosy has not been a very tight bias yes
preconceived old prisoners they meet are people we've been long
time and that they could not vote
the current society image
because of the changes they have
dance arrives in this place as the
possibility of recovering the potentialities they have within the
body through movement
on the move what from there
I can still the matter
I still feel I posted
to be part of being in this world because I'm alive
The hacker that I work for
helena paulo is a volunteer job.
we like
the puppet women who suffered severe violence what kinds of
violence all kinds of violence
physical violence
take care of day care
he is not a staff, it is a very social situation
result of the
not worth much to the eyes of society
tasso women are raped issue
why would we do
and we see Angolan work in some places
today their sound arrives with andor can escape the situation of
violence they live in
and there dance also enters as a possibility to recover
one is used in relation to one's own body
is a confidence in the relationship with the prona and enter by the hands of posture
then go pass a dance teacher
Look, my paper is over.
very many memories of encounters with women that I know within the
field
short because they stay a year or so within I've always been
and I go there twice a year
they the beginning years look to look at the organ the eyes
the action came
is to move more freely
and another in union now that surely asking this the image of one of these
women who
is having a terrible story was this end
they took her children
pallan
suffered violence
very very long kings
rbs
so much so that we spent the whole game
the sock arrived the day she said I
I'll never forget this
think something else something something something change to a thrashing
Poll Do you think that in the end to start?
to participate in the seminars referred to by the analyst station in power
to participate
any person above the age of 18 who has recently left the
result of the 3h a growth of algarve dance knowledge to create
nothing the seminary cries often participate tomorrow lines what we seek
the sense that you did not find it anymore
the traditional ana teresa
will often have made the stereotype
of this management is the essence of the
This is disseminating and for those who have allergies to the bite, sap was worse and
Who wants to do dance therapy?
collection and per capita Republicans of the Senate No. 2 and will reach 6 years 20
proposed together with the
the training course
in fact who enters is attended the seminar after it will continue
and discovers transvestite that can only be the profession of life
then it is almost registrations are still open to the mother nor the minimum
the car is in the area to save the land in the lagoon of conception information and
registrations by telephone was 14 6 4 5 and 5 2
salt of the earth saturday and sunday
dance therapy seminar with sink the field
more information about dancing on the internet at www change point
therapy punctuate life ever
Tuesday because you do not have to show up on the internet
and worse course still decides employment I entered and teach
for Brazil
with that job there in goiás
this job
at Christmas and still work in Italy
Italy has a
a school we founded last year
pink cousin
It seems like the visit and years
and here in Brazil
already there are two training courses that
in São Paulo and Brasília
p it stays here in florianópolis too
but always traveling then such
melissa he already walked
Ah, Sas day bet.
not for me it's
only a profession but it is
the reason why I can say that today at age 50
It's only a deeply unhappy person, so good.
Rebeca
How nice that you are obliged by the presence before the severe recession a good ending
of week there will be quarrel quarrel these 36 reveal the most in the interval I can
within moments